# Pachuco-Gavotte

The first thing that we'll need to do in order to run this code and reproduce the results is to compile the two header files included in this repository, as they will then be used in almost every program.

### Problem 2

To compare the results that we have obtained from our program to the ones produced analytically, we first have to build and execute the file "eigenvectorsP2.cpp". This will produce a .txt  file like the one in analeig.txt, which basically consist on a table where in one colummn we have stored the analytic eigenvalues and eigenvector and in the on next to that the ones that are program-obtained.

### Problem 3

For this one we just need to build and execute the file "maxvaltest.cpp". The results will appear as an output to the terminal.

### Problem 4

We have to build and execute the file called "p2e42.cpp". After doing this, an output to the terminal will appear, which will contain the eigenvalues and eigenvectors obtained by running the Jacobi algorithm. We can then compare these results to the ones that we already have in the .txt dile generated in problem 2 which correspond tpo the analytical solution


### Problem 5

Just like the previous casea. We first need to build and execute "p2e5.cpp", which will store the data that we need for the plot inside a .txt file called "n_iter.txt". We then use this file in python to produce the plot.

### Problem 6

For this one we just need to execute the code included in the file "proyect2.problem6.ipynb". In order to generate the necessary .txt files with the plot's data, we need to build and execute the files 'p2e61.cpp' and 'p2e62.cpp'. The first one will store the data of the eigenvalues and eigenvectors generated by our program into a .txt, while the second one will do the same with the analytic ones. The only thing we need to worry about is to change the names of the .txt file in our code to match the one that appears in the .ipynb file as well as the number of iterations, which corresponds to the variable 'double n' in both cases
